ID	Question	Answer
1	Where can I use the health insurance?	Asking about insurance? You will be given an annual consumable amount for inpatient and outpatient, including dental services. You can use it to pay for: (1) Admission fee, (2) Emergency room fee (3) Consultation fee, (4) Medicines, (5) Laboratory tests, (6) Outpatient check-up, (7) Doctor's fee
2	Does dental inlude in health insurance?	Health insurance? You will be given an annual consumable amount for inpatient and outpatient, including dental services.
3	Do we need to pay for health insurance?	You will be given an annual consumable amount for inpatient and outpatient, including dental services.
4	What is the coverage of the health insurance?	Health insurance? You will be given an annual consumable amount for inpatient and outpatient, including dental services. You can use it to pay for: (1) Admission fee, (2) Emergency room fee (3) Consultation fee, (4) Medicines, (5) Laboratory tests, (6) Outpatient check-up, (7) Doctor's fee
5	How about health insurance?	You will be given an annual consumable amount for inpatient and outpatient, including dental services. You can use it to pay for: (1) Admission fee, (2) Emergency room fee (3) Consultation fee, (4) Medicines, (5) Laboratory tests, (6) Outpatient check-up, (7) Doctor's fee
6	What is the first / initial process of recruitment?	First stage will be the review of you CV. Second stage will be the initial interview. The assessment will be the next, it will be determined by taking the Technical Examination. If you passed, you will be invited for the final interview.
7	How long will it take for the hiring process?	Recruitment process? First stage will focus on your CV. Second stage will be the initial interview. The assessment will be the next, it will be determined by taking the Technical Examination. If you passed, you will be invited for the final interview. Maybe it will take 1-2 days.
8	How many interviews I need to pass?	First stage will focus on your CV. Second stage will be the initial interview. The assessment will be the next, it will be determined by taking the Technical Examination. If you passed, you will be invited for the final interview. Maybe it will take 1-2 days.
9	What is the next step after the HR Interview?	Here's the steps for the recruitment process. First stage will the identifying the best role that suits your qualifications. Second stage will be the initial interview. The assessment will be the next, it will be determined by taking the Technical Examination. If you passed, you will be invited for the final interview. Maybe it will take 1-2 days.
10	After the initial examination, what will be the next step?	You are asking about the hiring process? First stage will be the review of you CV. Second stage will be the initial interview. The assessment will be the next, it will be determined by taking the Technical Examination. If you passed, you will be invited for the final interview.
11	What is the schedule of the interview?	October 15-16 will be the schedule for interview. First day of work will be on December 15, 2019. The schedule will be Sunday to Thursday, 11:00 AM to 8:30 PM.
12	When will I start in the company?	You will need to undergo interviews and technical exam between October 15-16, 2019. If you passed, you can start working with us this December. Your schedule will be Sunday to Thursday, 11:00 AM to 8:30 PM.
13	What will be the working hours?	Working hours? We will need to follow the UAE time. The schedule will be Sunday to Thursday, 11:00 AM to 8:30 PM.
14	What will be my schedule?	You will need to undergo interviews and technical exam between October 15-16, 2019. If you passed, you can start working with us this December. Your schedule will be Sunday to Thursday, 11:00 AM to 8:30 PM.
15	How about day off or rest day?	Restdays will be every Friday and Saturday.
16	How many days can I avail for vacation leave?	Asking for leave? Once confirmed, you will have 15 days each for sick and vacation leave.
17	How many days can I avail for sick leave?	With regards to leave, there are 15 days each for sick and vacation leave once confirmed.
18	Will you convert the unused leaves?	If you are already confirmed, you can file 15 days for sick leave and 15 days for vacation leave within a financial year. Unused leaves are convertible to cash.
19	How about leave?	You are entitled to file for leave when you are already confirmed or a regular employee. You will have 15 days for sick leave and 15 days for vacation leave. If ever there are unused leaves within a financial year, you can convert it into cash or add it for the next year.
20	When can I avail leave?	I seems I still don't have enough details about leave. But with regards to number of days, you can have 15 days for sick leave and 15 days for vacation leave once confirmed.
21	Is there an annual increase?	I cannot say. But why not? It will always be depending on everyone's performance.
22	Will I receive salary increase in the near future?	Salary increase will be depending on the business' status.
23	How much will be the salary?	With regards to salary, I can't provide you the details for now. If will be included in offer letter.
24	How much salary will you offer?	I know you are curious about the salary, unfortunately, I can't provide you the details for now. If will be included in offer letter.
25	How about the salary?	Maybe I'm not in the position to say that.
26	What are the requirements needed?	We will require you to submit these documents during the hiring process: (1) Birth Certificate, (2) TOR / Diploma, (3) NBI Clearance, (4) SSS, (5) Pag-IBIG, (6) PhilHealth, (7) BIR. You must complete the requirements to continue the recruitment process.
27	Do I need to submit my TOR and Diploma for the requirements?	You are asking about our requirements? Here are the list: (1) Birth Certificate, (2) TOR / Diploma, (3) NBI Clearance, (4) SSS, (5) Pag-IBIG, (6) PhilHealth, (7) BIR.
28	When will I submit the requirements	When asked, you must complete the following requirements: (1) Birth Certificate, (2) TOR / Diploma, (3) NBI Clearance, (4) SSS, (5) Pag-IBIG, (6) PhilHealth, (7) BIR.
29	How about the SSS, Pag-Ibig, and PhilHealth?	You are asking about our requirements? Here are the list: (1) Birth Certificate, (2) TOR / Diploma, (3) NBI Clearance, (4) SSS, (5) Pag-IBIG, (6) PhilHealth, (7) BIR.
30	What if I have incomplete requirements?	Requirements: (1) Birth Certificate, (2) TOR / Diploma, (3) NBI Clearance, (4) SSS, (5) Pag-IBIG, (6) PhilHealth, (7) BIR. You must complete the requirements to continue the recruitment process.
31	How many years of job experience do you need?	We are looking for skilled programmer that can help us develop the business' websites.
32	What are your qualifications for the job?	As long as you can handle programming tasks and deliver the correct output within the given time, you are qualified!
33	What skills do you need for the job?	Strong knowledge with programming, easy learner, and can work independently or with a team.
34	What will be my job description?	Your task is to develop/maintain systems to automate the business' operations.
35	Do I need to undergo training for the job?	As much as possible, we need an individual who is capable of working independently, can work under pressure, and analyze flow with minimal assistance.
36	What medical results do I need to submit?	Asking about medical requirements? You are required to undergo with the following tests: (1) CBC, (2) Urinalysis, (3) Fecalysis, (4) X-Ray, (5) Physical Examination.
37	Do you need the medical result of the physical examination?	For medical requirements, you are required to undergo with the following tests: (1) CBC, (2) Urinalysis, (3) Fecalysis, (4) X-Ray, (5) Physical Examination.
38	How about medical examination?	You mean medical requirements? We will need the results of the following tests: (1) CBC, (2) Urinalysis, (3) Fecalysis, (4) X-Ray, (5) Physical Examination.
39	When will I submit the medical results?	When asked, you are required to submit the results of the following tests: (1) CBC, (2) Urinalysis, (3) Fecalysis, (4) X-Ray, (5) Physical Examination.
40	What are your requirements for medical?	For medical requirements, you are required to undergo with the following tests: (1) CBC, (2) Urinalysis, (3) Fecalysis, (4) X-Ray, (5) Physical Examination.